Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Take
this kiss upon the brow.
And in parting from you now.
thus much let me avow.
you are not wrong.
who deem that my days
have been a dream.
Yet if hope has flown away.
in a night. or in a day.
in a vision. or in none. is
it therefore the less gone?
All that we see or seem is
but a dream within a dream.
- Well. you're out late tonight.
Don't worry. I got
somethin' for ya.
So today at the bank.
an old lady asked me if I
could check her balance.
You know. I told my girlfriend
she draws her eyebrows too high.
What do you call a
guy with a rubber toe?
Roberto.
There it is. There it is.
I know funny.
Hey Will. it's Mike.
Just got off the
phone with the client.
Couldn't have gone better.
We're through to the next round.
Call me back. okay?
Hey Will. it's Mike.
The client loved your ideas
and wants to have your babies.
Call me.
Hey Will. it's Mike.
Are you coming in today?
I just wanted to say.
I really appreciate
the amazing work
you've put into
this pitch so far.
So um. call me when
you get this. Okay?
Will.
You better have a good excuse
for not being here right now.
- Sorry I'm late.
- What's gotten into
you lately. Will?
- Bourbon. Rocks.
- You don't even
notice me anymore.
You've changed. Ever since
you just started to check out.
Will. the office called me
today. It sounded pretty urgent.
I hope you're not messing
things up at work. Will.
You really don't need that.
You've got some
serious bills to pay.
And I'm not gonna
pay them for you.
Will. put that thing down.
- Sorry.
- You've gotta face up to
your responsibilities. Will.
Face up to your
responsibilities. Will.
You can't just keep going
around like you don't have any.
I'd like to settle down someday.
Maybe raise a family.
You're not a kid anymore. Will.
You've gotta start to take
things a bit more seriously.
Do you doubt that?
Are you even listening to me?
- Sorry. what?
Will. I'm not sure
this is working out anymore.
I think maybe we should take
a break for a while. Okay?
Sorry.
- Are you okay?
What's wrong?
Has someone been hurt?
Hey Will. it's Mike.
I'm worried about you. buddy.
Listen. I'm anxious to get
you briefed on this Patreon.
Call me back as soon
as you hear this. Okay?
Thanks buddy.
- Will?
- Yes.
- Hello. I'm Dr. Hope.
Nice to meet you.
- Now. what seems
to be the problem?
- I can't sleep.
I'm having these dreams
that I can't explain.
I don't know if
they're real or not.
I keep having a
dream about a girl.
I'm losing my mind.
- I may have something
that can help you.
I'm going to
prescribe you these.
They'll help you sort
out your sleeping issues.
Make sure you follow the
instructions very carefully.
They can have very
strong side effects.
So let me know immediately
if that happens. Will. Okay?
- I will.
- Here's my card.
- Thanks.
Hey Will. it's Mike.
Are you sick or something?
The client called said
we're in a great position.
but we're not out
of the woods yet.
A lot riding on this one. buddy.
Do you doubt that?
- My finest work.
- They're not
circles. They're Os.
- Do you doubt that?
Do you doubt that?
- Do. do you doubt
that? Do you doubt that?
- Do you doubt that?
Do you doubt that?
It's true.
It's true. Do you doubt that?
- Do you doubt that?
Do you doubt that?
Do you doubt
that? Do you doubt that?
Do you doubt that?
Hey Will. it's Mike.
- Will?
Will?
She's trying to reach
you. Ignore her.
Ignore the signs.
Stay away from her.
Will. It's Mike.
Dude. I'm seriously concerned.
We're running out of time.
Call me back.
Do you doubt that?
- I told you. stay
away from her.
- That's pretty messed up. Will.
Although I'm sure the pills
and the booze aren't helping.
- Well. the good news is.
I finally found the
girl of my dreams.
- Well. that's great. Will.
- The only problem is.
I don't know her name.
where she's from. or
if she even exists.
Well it sounds like
you're off to a great start.
- Let me ask you a question.
Where do you think we go
to when we go to sleep?
- Mm. I don't know.
- So my ex-wife
walks into a bar--
- Not tonight. Steve.
I've been thinking.
What if cyberspace is just
a copy of outer space?
I mean. the universe is
made up of code. right?
Just a bunch of ones and zeros.
If you can have a relationship
with someone online
then it's entirely feasible
you could have a relationship
with someone in the
dream world. right?
It's the same thing.
- I think you just
have way too much
time on your hands. Will.
- I don't know if she's a ghost.
I don't know if she lives
in some other dimension.
All I know is our minds
are connected in some way.
And if she is real.
then I have to find her.
- Be careful what
you wish for. Will.
You sure you're
gonna be okay. bro?
- I'll be fine.
- Maybe you should lay off
the cheese for a while.
- Ophelia.
Will. it's Mike.
The pitch is tomorrow.
All I can say is.
I hope you've been working
on something magical at home.
- Excuse me.
Have you seen this woman?
- Sorry.
- Have you seen this woman?
- Excuse me.
I'm looking for the
girl in this photo.
Do you recognize her?
- Yes I do.
I'm sad to say. she
is no longer alive.
She died uh. a while back.
Car accident.
Great shame.
She was a wonderful young woman.
I'm sorry.
- Thank you.
- Monarch. That was
her last name. Monarch.
I stand amid the
roar of a surf-tormented shore.
and I hold within my hand
grains of the golden sand.
How few.
Yet how they creep through
my fingers to the deep.
while I weep. while I weep.
Oh God. can I not grasp
them with a tighter clasp?
Oh God. can I not save one
from the pitiless wave?
Is all that we see or seem
but a dream within a dream?
Will. it's
Mike. as you can imagine.
the meeting did not go well.
You let us all down. Will.
You and I are done.
buddy. We are done.
- Police. stop. Up
against the wall.
Up against the wall.
Feet back.
Give me your left hand.
Right hand.
All right. let's go.
So. Mr. Edgar. what brings
you all the way out here?
- I was looking for a woman.
- Does this woman have a name?
- Well. she did.
Ophelia Monarch.
- Oh. Yeah. the
Monarch accident.
That was a big blow to
a small town like this.
The parents never got over it.
They died soon thereafter.
Some said the loss
of two daughters
was just too much to bear.
- Two daughters?
- Yeah. they were twin sisters.
Their car plunged over
a bridge into the river.
It was very nasty.
Odessa. the twin in the picture
here. she died instantly.
Ophelia. the other sister.
she was in a coma for years.
I don't know whatever
happened to her.
- So technically. she
could still be alive?
- Technically. yes. But.
it's been many years.
Perhaps I could run a
hospital check in the morning.
- Would you. seriously?
- I could do that. but we gotta
lock you up for the night.
Let's go.
There's a patient at St.
John's Hospital in a coma.
Registered under the
name Ophelia Monarch.
Here's the phone number of the
doctor in charge of the ward.
- Thank you. sir.
- Don't let me catch you
trashing my town again. okay?
- No. sir.
Thank you again. sir.
- Let's go. Get outta here.
Hello.
this is St John's Hospital.
Can I help you?
- Hello? This is William Edgar.
I'd like to speak to
Dr. Marcellus. please.
Can I
ask what it's regarding?
- It's regarding a patient
of his. Ophelia Monarch.
Just a moment.
- Hello. Mr. Edgar?
- Yes?
- Mr. Edgar. are you a
member of the family?
- No.
- Mr. Edgar it is most bizarre
that you're calling today.
- Why is that?
- Well you see. no one's
visited here in years.
- And?
- Well I'm sorry
to have to tell you
that we've made
the tough decision
to terminate the
life support system.
- Oh.
- I'm sorry. but we did
everything we could.
- Well. can I at least see her?
- Well. you're gonna have
to hurry. I'm afraid.
- Why is that?
- Well. the procedure is
set for 9:30 a.m. today.
- Taxi.
- Yeah. where to. bud?
- St. John's Hospital.
Please hurry.
- You got it. Hop in.
Here you are. Bud.
St. John's Hospital.
- Thanks.
- You got it.
- No. no.
Where's St. John's Hospital?
- That way. two miles.
- Wait. Wait.
Please.
Just one moment alone with
her. I need to say goodbye.
Please.
- Five minutes.
- Ophelia.
Take this
kiss upon the brow.
And. in parting from you now.
thus much let me avow.
you are not wrong.
who deem that my days
have been a dream.
Yet if hope has flown away
in a night. or in a day.
in a vision. or in none. is
it therefore the less gone?
- Help!
All that
we see or seem
Is but a dream within a dream.
Do you doubt that?
Sorry.
- Do you doubt that?